sir from 17 once again introducing you
to my Dishonored
very hard difficulty video walkthrough I
should really put in there in the little
spiel at the start that this is gonna
get you all those achievements that I
keep mentioning but I think I'm just
gonna write them in the description so
that people can understand this is a
point five section to a mission this is
just following mission two and we are
back in the pub and what's gonna be
happening here is we're going to be
introduced to the upgrades through
I think it's Piero and we're also going
to be introduced to the weepers which
are infected people that get to the
point where they're the practically
zombies and they want you to get rid of
two of them so on this section because I
know I've picked up a couple of the
sleeping darts I went into my inventory
and I equipped the crossbow with the
sleeping darts because I can't rank them
and I don't have to murder them this
will probably be some of the only times
you ever seen me use the crossbow I am
aware that they would make some of the
areas I'm going to be traversing much
easier but that's not the point guys
this series is supposed to be a
challenge for myself I've already beat
the game on very hard without upgrading
you know all the using blink I was doing
lethal kills but pretty much only really
using the knife to get myself ready for
this room so for the majority the game
is very simple it's pretty simple the
worst level on the game is the sunken
area the flooded section I think is it's
the mission before the final one that
place I found to be very rough but
that's because there's a lot of ambient
things in the environment that fuck you
up right there I think I broke the game
I think she's supposed to be talking to
me but I was locked into this camera
angle and I couldn't move there you go
it gave me control and then I can blink
out of this area
but this place is cool the characters
are cool you know the game is cool like
I cannot stress enough that if you're on
the fence about this title buy it or
rent it because it really is solid and
if you're looking at and you're thinking
it reminds you of a lot of gams don't
worry it reminds me of a lot of gams
I could literally reel off a list of
games from Bioshock to theeth to to Team
Fortress 2 it's got a lot of different
influences even half-life because the
city was designed by the same guy that
did is it sector 17 or city 17
so this there's a lot of different
influences here in art styles and it's
pretty damn awesome so this is
practically the end of the video so
thanks for watching guys
and you take care now